content/2020-online/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview
---

## Overview

PromCon Online 2020 is the fifth installment of the PromCon conference dedicated to the [Prometheus monitoring system](https://prometheus.io/). It will take place online on July 14-16, 2020 (Tue - Thu).

PromCon aims to connect Prometheus users and developers from around the world in order to exchange knowledge, best practices, and experience gained around using Prometheus. We also want to collaborate to build a community and grow professional connections around systems and service monitoring.

Get an impression of PromCon EU 2019:

<%= youtube_player("TUbj9ykgafM") %>

## Registration

Registration for PromCon Online 2020 will open soon.

## Our sponsors

A big thank you to all of our sponsors who are helping make PromCon happen! While our costs in 2020 will be reduced, the ones listed here agreed to sponsor 2021 which makes venue postponement juggling easier.

<h3>Diamond</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://chronosphere.io/"><img alt="Chronosphere" src="/assets/Chronosphere_vertical_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

## Contact

PromCon is organized by the [Prometheus developer community](https://prometheus.io/community/). For PromCon-related inquiries, please contact the [PromCon team](mailto:promcon-organizers@googlegroups.com). This year's edition is led by [Richard "RichiH" Hartmann](https://twitter.com/TwitchiH).

Commit message:

Announcement doc
Signed-off-by: Richard Hartmann <richih@richih.org>

content/2020-online/index.md, after:

---
title: Overview
---

## Announcement doc

In case anything goes wrong and for all our janitorial needs, we have a public [announcement doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bF2Ae6r9X4ZC5GpoYr6noWV8zXlLa1uERQV8cl3DBDU/edit).

## Overview

PromCon Online 2020 is the fifth installment of the PromCon conference dedicated to the [Prometheus monitoring system](https://prometheus.io/). It will take place online on July 14-16, 2020 (Tue - Thu).

PromCon aims to connect Prometheus users and developers from around the world in order to exchange knowledge, best practices, and experience gained around using Prometheus. We also want to collaborate to build a community and grow professional connections around systems and service monitoring.

Get an impression of PromCon EU 2019:

<%= youtube_player("TUbj9ykgafM") %>

## Registration

Registration for PromCon Online 2020 will open soon.

## Our sponsors

A big thank you to all of our sponsors who are helping make PromCon happen! While our costs in 2020 will be reduced, the ones listed here agreed to sponsor 2021 which makes venue postponement juggling easier.

<h3>Diamond</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://chronosphere.io/"><img alt="Chronosphere" src="/assets/Chronosphere_vertical_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

## Contact

PromCon is organized by the [Prometheus developer community](https://prometheus.io/community/). For PromCon-related inquiries, please contact the [PromCon team](mailto:promcon-organizers@googlegroups.com). This year's edition is led by [Richard "RichiH" Hartmann](https://twitter.com/TwitchiH).
