content/2017-munich/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview
---

## Overview

PromCon 2017 was the second conference dedicated to the
[Prometheus monitoring system](https://prometheus.io/). It took place from August
17 - 18 at Google Munich as a single-track event with space for 220 attendants.

PromCon aims to connect Prometheus users and developers from around the world in
order to exchange knowledge, best practices, and experience gained around using
Prometheus. We also want to collaborate to build a community and grow
professional connections around systems and service monitoring.

Get an impression of PromCon 2017:

<%= youtube_player("4Pr-z8-r1eo") %>

You can learn more about the last PromCon event in our
[2017 recap blog post](https://prometheus.io/blog/2017/09/04/promcon-2017-recap/).

We are looking forward to seeing you at PromCon 2018!

## Our sponsors

A big thank you to all of our sponsors who helped make PromCon 2017 happen!

<h3>Diamond</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="http://www.robustperception.io/"><img src="/assets/robust_perception_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.weave.works/"><img src="/assets/weave_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://cncf.io/"><img src="/assets/cncf_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.influxdata.com/"><img src="/assets/influxdata_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/"><img src="/assets/gitlab_logo.svg" class="logo narrow"/></a>
</div>

<hr>

<h3>Venue</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://google.com/"><img src="/assets/google_cloud_platform_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

<h3>Gold</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://soundcloud.com/"><img src="/assets/soundcloud_logo.png" class="logo narrow"/></a>
  <a href="https://redhat.com/"><img src="/assets/redhat_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.consol.de/"><img src="/assets/consol_logo.jpg" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

<h3>Silver</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://www.justwatch.com/"><img src="/assets/justwatch_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.percona.com/"><img src="/assets/percona_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

## Contact

PromCon is organized by the [Prometheus developer
community](https://prometheus.io/community/). For PromCon-related inquiries,
please contact the [PromCon team](mailto:promcon-organizers@googlegroups.com).

Commit message:

Add overview blurb on talk recordings and slides.

content/2017-munich/index.md, after:

---
title: Overview
---

## Overview

PromCon 2017 was the second conference dedicated to the
[Prometheus monitoring system](https://prometheus.io/). It took place from August
17 - 18 at Google Munich as a single-track event with space for 220 attendants.

PromCon aims to connect Prometheus users and developers from around the world in
order to exchange knowledge, best practices, and experience gained around using
Prometheus. We also want to collaborate to build a community and grow
professional connections around systems and service monitoring.

Get an impression of PromCon 2017:

<%= youtube_player("4Pr-z8-r1eo") %>

You can learn more about the last PromCon event in our
[2017 recap blog post](https://prometheus.io/blog/2017/09/04/promcon-2017-recap/).

You can also find all talk recordings and slides linked from the talk descriptions in the [schedule](/2017-munich/schedule).

We are looking forward to seeing you at PromCon 2018!

## Our sponsors

A big thank you to all of our sponsors who helped make PromCon 2017 happen!

<h3>Diamond</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="http://www.robustperception.io/"><img src="/assets/robust_perception_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.weave.works/"><img src="/assets/weave_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://cncf.io/"><img src="/assets/cncf_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.influxdata.com/"><img src="/assets/influxdata_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/"><img src="/assets/gitlab_logo.svg" class="logo narrow"/></a>
</div>

<hr>

<h3>Venue</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://google.com/"><img src="/assets/google_cloud_platform_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

<h3>Gold</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://soundcloud.com/"><img src="/assets/soundcloud_logo.png" class="logo narrow"/></a>
  <a href="https://redhat.com/"><img src="/assets/redhat_logo.svg" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.consol.de/"><img src="/assets/consol_logo.jpg" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

<h3>Silver</h3>
<div class="sponsor-logos">
  <a href="https://www.justwatch.com/"><img src="/assets/justwatch_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.percona.com/"><img src="/assets/percona_logo.png" class="logo"/></a>
</div>

## Contact

PromCon is organized by the [Prometheus developer
community](https://prometheus.io/community/). For PromCon-related inquiries,
please contact the [PromCon team](mailto:promcon-organizers@googlegroups.com).
